ONE YEAR AGO
- I'm moving!
I wanted to tell you in person.
- Where to?
- To Okinawa.
If I'm in a warmer area
it isn't as hard for my body
to keep going.
After I get settled in
you and Mai
should come visit me.
- Okinawa, huh?
Sounds great.
- I'll send you a letter when
I get used to things over there.
- I'll be waiting.
You better send pictures, too.
- Yes!
I'll be sure to enclose
a swimsuit shot.
- Please wait three years
to do that.
- In three years, then.
I'll send you something in
the mail that'll make you have
a huge fight with Mai.
- Looking forward to that.
- Yes!
Oh, yeah.
There was something else that I
thought I should bring up today.
- Hmm?
- There's something
slightly concerning.
- What's going on?
- I can still
remember everything.
You and Mai don't
have those memories
but it seems like
I retained everything.
I can still remember memories
from every version
of myself that I've lived
- Yeah, I already knew that.
- But nothing I do can make
it show up.
- What's not showing up?
- This doesn't.
TOUKO KIRISHIMA [SOCIAL WORLD] MUSIC VIDEO
- That's...
- In the multiple futures
that I have experienced...
Touko Kirishima's music
didn't exist in any of them.
- [gasps]
I see now.
That's what this is about.
- Yep, that's what it's about.
- Well, people do say every rose
has it's thorns, you know.
And from what I can tell
you're worried that your actions
in this world have changed
the world in the future.
Is that right?
- Uh-huh, and I believe you're
my accomplice in that aspect.
- If you ask me, as long
as no one's faced misfortune
you can just leave things
the way they are.
At the very least
Touko Kirishima's gaining
something from it
since she's going viral.
- You mean I should stop
worrying about others
and enjoy life to make up
for all the time
I spent being sick, right?
- Yeah, exactly.
- But I am enjoying life.
Like today I'm having
a huge parfait
that I've been dying for.
- That's so small.
- Well, if I'm able
to feel genuine happiness
from the little things
I think I ought to be
the happiest person around.
- You do have a point there.
- Azusagawa!
- Huh?
- How long you gonna sleep for?
Come on, man.
Class is over.
[dramatic piano music]
♪ ♪
- [yawns]
SEPTEMBER 30TH
[grunts]
[Conton Candy's "Snow Drop"]
♪ ♪
- [singing in Japanese]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM OF SANTA CLAUS
♪ ♪
- To be an adult.
What does it mean to become one?
Hey, are you still
the same person as back then?
- And cut there!
We're all clear!
- Hey, there.
We just finished filming.
- Thanks for your hard work
- So, what time do you think
you'll be home today?
- Actually, Fukuyama invited me
to a get-together
for the new student orientation
so I won't be back till later.
- Hmph.
- By the way
Toyohama and Hirokawa?
- Oh, I do!
- No, we can't.
We have a concert rehearsal.
- Oh, that's right!
- We've barely seen each other
all summer
and we finally have a chance
for the first time in a month
and you're blowing me off?
- You know, Mai, I worked hard
to go to your university
but I never imagined how little
I'd be able to see you.
So if you tell me not to go
- No, it's okay.
Besides, even if I leave now
So go ahead and have fun
with your friend.
- Then I'll take you up
on your kind offer.
- Hopefully you find
a cute girl there
who's just your type.
- Well, I'm looking forward
to that.
- I won't forgive you
if you cheat on me.
[train speeding up]
- Azusagawa
the Mai Sakurajima
I'm so jealous.
[all laughing]
[laughing continues]
- Two hours of all you can drink
for 1
I'd say a two-liter bottle costs
200 yen.
I can make my money's worth
if I drink 11 more liters.
- May I sit here?
- Honestly, I'd prefer
if you didn't.
- What? And why's that.
- Oh, you know.
Because of the death glares
from across the room.
- Hmm?
It seemed like they were about
to trade user Ids, so--
- If you don't want to
- Well, normally I would say no.
- But for some reason
it's not normal?
- I don't have a smartphone.
- That is unusual.
- Yeah, so nobody ever
believes me.
- Did you get frustrated
and throw your smartphone
into the ocean?
- Do people actually do that?
- [exhales sharply]
I'm a freshman
in statistical science.
Sakuta Azusagawa.
- Why the introduction?
- Isn't that what these
get-togethers are for?
- Oh, then let's cheers.
I'm an international
commerce major.
Miori Mito.
- A pleasure.
[glasses clink]
- Well, to be honest
I already knew who you were
- I am a celebrity, after all.
- Although, the one who's
actually famous
is Mai Sakurajima
and not you.
Oh, to have a beautiful
significant other of my own.
Mmm, tasty.
Azusagawa
- Mainly to eat some food.
The other tables have lots
of people
so there's fewer servings
for me.
- Everyone must be starving.
- Does that mean
you aren't Mito?
- Actually, I'm starving
as well.
- Time's almost up now
The after party's karaoke
- Hmm.
- After party.
- Oh, I'm not a singer.
Are you going, Azusagawa?
- Uh-uh. Someone's waiting
for me at home.
You're okay leaving your
friend behind like that?
- Who, Manami?
- If that's her name, sure.
- It's fine.
If I stayed any longer
- I see.
Must be rough when the guy
your friend wants wants you.
- I'm surprised you noticed.
Oh, that's right.
Here.
- If my breath stinks
- That fried chicken
we ate had garlic in it.
And you're about to see
your girlfriend, right?
- Thanks for looking out.
[chomps]
So I don't wanna
seem ungrateful
but you probably shouldn't
do stuff like that for guys.
- Why's that?
- 'Cause it seems like you don't
want guys after you.
- Oh, it's all right.
I'll only do something
like that to you.
- Am I being targeted
or something?
- 'Cause it's different
with you.
I know I'll be fine because
you'd never end up falling
in love with me.
I mean, you already have
the cutest girlfriend in Japan.
- If you meant to say
the cutest girlfriend
in the world
- Wow, so humble.
- Here you go, sir.
If you don't mind.
- Nobody's taking them.
- Seems that way.
- I know it might sound
a bit weird
but maybe that woman
is only visible to you and me.
- That can't be.
- You don't know?
They call it puberty syndrome.
People becoming invisible
and splitting into two bodies.
It can be all sorts of things.
- Really?
- If you wouldn't mind, please.
Thank you so much!
Thank you!
Have a nice day!
- Seems like others can see her
- Guess so.
- Thank you so much!
- Anyways, isn't that lady
too old
to be going through puberty?
- Hey, are you going
through puberty?
- I would like to graduate
from it soon.
How 'bout you?
- I think I"m probably still in
the middle of it.
- Why's that?
- 'Cause I've never had
a boyfriend.
- That tracks.
- Wow.
A taken guy looking down on me.
How infuriating.
[chuckles]
I'm gonna shop
a little before I head home.
See you around.
- It's been
a while since I heard
the words "puberty syndrome."
[door unlocking]
Hey, I'm home, Nasuno.
Hmm?
- Welcome home, Sakuta.
- Hi, Mai.
And welcome home to you.
- Thank you.
What is it?
Why are you staring
at me like that?
- Well, it is the first time in
a month that I've seen you.
So I was basking in your beauty.
- Happy, huh?
[exciting musical sting]
- Question!
A building in Barcelona designed
by Antonio Gaudi
is still under construction
after 130 years.
- Yokohama Station!
[crowd laughing]
- Oh, welcome home, big brother.
- You're here, too, Kaede?
- I called to let you know
'cause I have work tomorrow.
Big brother, you really need
to get a smartphone.
- Well, Kaede
to hear those words come out
of your mouth.
- Don't you agree, Mai?
It'd be better for you, too
if he had a smartphone, right?
- I think I've gotten used
to it.
- You can't let Mai coddle
you forever, you know.
I'm gonna take a bath first.
[door closes]
- Sakuta, did you eat
a proper dinner?
- Mainly some fried chicken
and beans.
- And did you see any cute girls
that were your type?
- I did not.
- Well, isn't that a shame?
- Oh, but--
- But what?
Was there a girl?
- Yeah, actually.
One who doesn't have
a smartphone.
- Good joke.
The punch line isn't that
only you can see her, is it?
- I'm not exactly sure
so I'll confirm on campus
next week and get back to you.
- Oh. Well, it's getting late
- Huh? Already?
- I have an early morning.
I'll see you on campus
on Wednesday, 'kay?
- Let me walk down with you.
- Someone might take a photo
My agency is
a bit strict lately.
- [groans]
Um, what are you doing?
- Oh, nothing much.
Goodbye, now.
- [chuckles]
OCTOBER 3RD
YOKOHAMA CITY UNIVERSITY
- Mind if I sit here?
- I would prefer if you didn't.
- I'm sitting here anyway.
- You know, there are plenty
of other open seats.
- Well, I looked around
and you were the only person
I knew in here.
- Then you should have chosen
a class that you could take
with your friends.
- [exhales sharply]
I don't think I have friends.
Hey, you're making a
"This girl's trouble" face.
- This is my, "She's trouble
and a pain in the butt" face.
- Apparently my friends
are planning to set up
a matchmaking party
for my poor boyfriendless self.
- Why don't you just say
so you can meet handsome guys
- I keep that part to myself.
- A mixer?
Can I go with you?
- A mixer isn't really a place
for an idol.
- Oh, yeah. Hmm.
Ooh, so is this your new
girlfriend, big brother?
- No.
- I'm his potential friend.
Miori Mito.
- Neat! I'm one of his friends
Uzuki Hirokawa.
I'm a statistical science major
just like Big Brother.
- Why Big Brother?
- Well, I guess because
he's Kaede's big brother.
- Really? I didn't know you had
a little sister.
So then is your little sister
good friends with Hirokawa?
- I wouldn't say
they're friends.
She's more like a fan.
- Fan?
- Yep! Me and Nodoka--who's an
international education major--
are in an idol group called
Sweet Bullet together.
We have a live show next week
so please come by, Miorin!
Hey, girls!
[all giggling
and talking at once]
- Miorin?
[indistinct chatter]
- Oh, Azusagawa!
Hey, let's go get lunch!
Huh?
- Ciao.
[unsettling piano music]
♪ ♪
- Is that another acquaintance
of yours?
- She was one of my classmates
in middle school.
- Dang, man, you're popular
with all the cute girls.
- I'm really not, though.
We met again during
the matriculation ceremony
and chatted for a while.
- I wanna eat a Yokoichi bowl!
- Shall we head
to the cafeteria?
- Mm-hmm!
Oh, my goodness!
I totally forgot I have
a photo shoot today!
I gotta go!
- Another fashion magazine?
- Yep, yep!
- The last one you did
was so cute.
- I'll totally get my own copy!
- Yeah, me, too.
- Good luck with the shoot.
- Hasta mañana!
- Where should we eat?
- The school store?
- I really only wanted
a sandwich
so that would be a lifesaver.
- Yeah, I feel you on that one.
[all giggling]
- You know, girls can
really be super scary.
- Isn't everybody like that?
- So, tell me!
What happened with Mito after
the party on Friday?
- Uh, not much. Why?
- 'Cause you took her back
to your place.
- No, I didn't.
- But you guys left together!
- And went home separately.
- Oh, man, I was hopin'
for a juicier story.
- How was the karaoke
at the after party?
- Touko Kirishima's songs
were popular.
Everyone sang so well, too.
- Touko Kirishima
is still popular, huh?
- What do you mean
by "still popular?"
She's in her prime right now.
- See, look.
- [singing in Japanese]
- This song
is Touko Kirishima's.
- So Touko Kirishima
is the one singing?
- Nah, she's a faceless beauty
for the ad.
It's, like, a cover song?
- So Touko Kirishima's
true identity is unknown.
- Yep. Oh, but there's sort of
a rumor goin' around
that it might be Mai Sakurajima.
So what do you think?
Could your girlfriend actually
be Touko Kirishima?
- Absolutely not.
- Finally found you.
- Want something?
- I'm gonna borrow Sakuta
for a bit.
- Yeah, do with him as you wish?
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM OF SANTA CLAUS
- Did you see Uzuki today?
- I did.
We had Spanish together.
- How did she seem?
- Pretty normal.
Nothing stood out as strange.
- Did she say anything about me?
- Not really.
- Nothing about Sweet Bullet?
- She did mention that you guys
have a gig next week.
- Is that it?
- Hey, is there something
I should know?
- We had a fight yesterday.
So I was just wondering.
- So, what was the fight over?
- Well, lately we've all been
talking with our agency
about our future together
as an idol group.
- Do you mean like whether
or not you guys
are gonna keep going
or disband altogether?
- Mm-hmm.
- But I thought you
were gaining fans
and getting more work.
- Yeah, so we were discussing
Uzuki especially has
a lot of work offers
and the agency is thinking about
all sorts of things.
- Like what?
- Like Uzuki going solo.
Just yesterday I overheard
our manager talking
to someone about it on
the phone.
- Does Hirokawa know about that?
- I don't think so.
- What do you want, Toyohama?
- Well, I, uh...
I still wanna stand
with everyone as Sweet Bullet
and perform on
the Budokan stage.
But more than anything else
I want all of the group members
to be rewarded for their\Nefforts.
Uzuki's been working harder
than anyone.
- Oh, I see now.
So you beat around the bush
to try telling her that
but she wasn't getting it at
all.
And that made you
get all worked up
and flustered so it ended up
sounding like an argument?
- Yeah, basically.
- Man.
Talk about your
first world problem.
So basically you've
been working more
and are complaining
because things aren't
like what they used to be?
If you talk to Mai about this
she'd smack you
for real this time.
- [groans]
- If it isn't
Mr. Super Popular Azusagawa!
- I told you I'm
not super popular.
But what do you want, Fukuyama?
- You think you could introduce
me to some cute girls, dude?
- What about the girl you
swapped Ids with the other day?
- Oh, she ghosted me.
- My condolences.
- Look, I'd even be happy
with Toyohama.
- She'd be pissed
if she heard you say "even."
Toyohama has a short fuse.
- Oh, hey
- I gotta prep for work first.
Unfortunately, today's topic
is a bit troublesome.
[dramatic piano music]
♪ ♪
Hmm? Hmm?
Maybe there's a club
that studies Santa Claus
at this school?
[punch card clicks]
- [grunts]
[door opens]
[gasps]
Oh, hello, there.
- Kaede? You're here?
Wasn't Sakuta supposed
to be working now?
- Big brother is over at
the cram school today.
- Um, Mr. Sakuta.
- What's wrong?
- I don't get it.
- Something not clicking
for you?
- I don't know how to get
a cute girlfriend.
Can you explain?
- Let's solve test problems
during class.
- Come on! You have the cutest
girlfriend in the world!
Can't you give me some pointers?
- Actually, I have
the cutest girlfriend in
the universe
but that still doesn't mean I
can help you.
- The entire reason I asked
to be in your class
in the first place was because
I thought you'd tell me
a foolproof way of getting
a girlfriend.
I knew I should have applied
to Ms. Futaba's class.
She's got a way bigger brain
than you do, anyway.
And big boobs!
- That last statement
will get you hated by girls
so you should be careful.
- [exhales sharply]
- I'm doing my job seriously.
- I heard a word
that makes me think otherwise.
- I wasn't the one that said it.
- By the way
I got a text
from Kunimi earlier.
- About what?
- He let me know he got through
the end of his firefighter
training with no hitches
and said feel at ease because
he's been assigned to a station.
- He says that like
there's actually something
to worry about.
- His work's going
to be starting up next week.
So he invited us out
for some tea
after things settle down.
- Oh, Kunimi's treat
from his first paycheck?
- That's what I figured
you would say
so I already
replied accordingly.
OCTOBER 4TH
[birds chirping]
- Good morning!
- Hey.
- I warmed up your seat
for you while I waited
for you to show up.
Ah--
Uh, do you actually hate me
or something?
- Sitting in a chair
is way better when it's cold.
- Yeah, same for beer.
- You got the homework?
- Yeah, of course.
- Mm-hmm.
- That's good.
- Uzuki?
- I did 'em just fine!
- Uh?
- I fell asleep during.
[all giggling]
- Would you all pardon me a sec?
all: Mm...
[footsteps approaching]
Did Nodoka say something?
- What something?
- Something is something.
- What's up with that?
Did something happen
with Toyohama yesterday?
- I was in a photo shoot
so I haven't seen her.
Although, she pinged me earlier
and asked
"Are you on campus now?"
- And?
- If she's making an effort
to ask something like that
don't you think she might have
something to talk to me about?
- Maybe there are people
that don't think so.
Did something happen
to you yesterday, though?
- Something like what?
- Something is something.
- Hey, you copied me!
I'm feeling really good today.
Like I'm finally on
the same wavelength
as everyone else.
[giggles]
- What's for lunch today?
- Cafeteria trip?
- [grunts]
Let's go!
[all speaking at once]
- Azusagawa, have you got
any lunch plans?
- I made my own lunch box
for today.
- Did you make me one?
- That would be weird.
- Yeah, true.
I'd get creeped out.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
- Uzuki!
[all gasping]
- Sorry, can you girls
go on ahead without me?
[all grunting]
- Sure.
- Okay.
- All right.
I guess I'll go buy myself
a drink.
- You can have this.
- [groans]
- Hey, um, Nodoka, you wanted
to talk about the other day
didn't you?
I am so, so sorry!
I didn't really understand
how everyone else was feeling.
It's only natural
for you to be feeling upset.
- Uzuki.
- We're talking on a lot more
solo work now so we have less
time for activities as a group.
And I don't want that, either
so all of us really need
to talk it out together.
- I'm sorry.
I said way too much.
- No, you didn't!
I only realized it because
of you.
- [grunts]
- Honestly, solo work
is important, too, you know.
But still, it just doesn't
mean anything
if we're all split apart because
of it.
- [groans]
- We can do this
if we all work together.
Everybody's gonna be there
for today's dance lesson
- Uh, yeah.
I think we should be.
- Nodoka, I'm not saying
something off base, am I?
- No, um, that's exactly what
I wanted to talk about.
- Oh, that's good to hear.
- Yeah.
- Nodoka?
- Oh, it's nothing.
Let's all talk it out.
I'll start getting in touch
with everyone.
- Yeah, please do!
Um, well, my friends
are waiting at the cafeteria
so I gotta go.
Bye, now.
[giggles]
- Was that really Uzuki?
She was gauging my feelings
as she talked.
That's not like her at all.
- Yeah, it's not.
- Uzuki was reading the room.
- She was.
- Then maybe it's like with me
and my big sister.
- Are you saying she swapped
with someone else?
- Yeah.
- Okay, then let's say it is
some sort of puberty syndrome.
Is that a bad thing?
- It's not bad
I mean...
Do you think it's okay?
- Well, let's just give
it until tomorrow and see
if she's back to normal by then.
[tense music]
RASCAL DOES NOT DREAM OF A LOST SINGER
[Uzuki Hirokawa's
"The Horizon is my Scar"]
♪ ♪
- Oh, Sakuta.
You're such a rascal.